I asked you who didn't come to the palace today
Well, Ah Sheng didn't come
He said his mother was sick and went back to her hometown
Then he took half a month's salary from me and left
Back home
Go him
Must be selling my spicy crayfish recipe
Gone
Adults drumming in the middle of the night
Finalize the case
What did you report?
I am the owner of a hotel
My competitors have stolen money from me
That piece stole my exclusive recipe
What!
Steal your recipe?
Who is it?
Oops, who is Wang Qianju?
What's your name?
It is Wang Qianju, the owner of Hanhai Restaurant.
Ah, this person is very familiar
He will never do anything to steal chickens and dogs
Don't talk nonsense
If he doesn't steal my exclusive recipe
Why does his hotel also sell crayfish?
And they taste exactly the same.
fat to death
I still don't know his personality
Again
What do you have to prove your formula?
No one can match it
Can you listen to me first?
You can't tell
Someone drag it out
Hold on fast